ghetto guys and welcome to Ossie gorilla
now a couple months ago I did a video on
how to make barbecued hash browns and
since then I've had a few requests on
how to make the fast food style hash
browns so here they are
alright guys you will need four potatoes
which has been parboiled just until they
start to soften and then dice them up
into small cubes like this 1 teaspoon of
salt 1 teaspoon of sugar about 1/8 of a
teaspoon of black pepper 1/3 of a cup of
flour and 2 tablespoons of skim milk
powder
a teaspoon of softened butter and one
beaten egg just add all the ingredients
to the bowl
now I'm just going to roughly mix it
together
and then I'm gonna gently mash it with
the back of the spoon now we're not
looking for a smooth paste here guys
you still need quite a bit of texture
from the potato in this mix now I'm
gonna put it into the freezer for a
half-hour
just to stiffen it up a bit and then I'm
going to spread it out between two
sheets of baking paper and very gently
roll it out and don't use too much
pressure here guys because the mixture
is very soft now just roll it out until
it's about a quarter of an inch thick
we've got something like this guys and
now put it into your freezer until it is
frozen solid
once it's frozen just cut it into any
shape you want guys as you can see here
I'm using the traditional hashbrown
shape but you can make it any shape you
want it's very easy to cut in the shapes
when it's frozen now simply put it into
some hot oil
and I'm gonna cook this for about two
minutes
and then take it out on tool rack so all
the excess oil can drip off now just
repeat this process until you've done
all of your hashbrowns and once they're
cool I'm gonna put them back in for
about another thirty seconds or so now
this step is very important this is what
gives you that crunch that you're
looking for
and there you have it guys very very
easy but absolutely awesome give it a go
thanks for tuning in and I'll catch you
guys next time